If anyone has other good recipes that are vegetarian (without seafood/fish sauce/oysters), I'd love to hear them.

My basic guidelines for my vegetarian kimchi are as follows. I make kimchi once a month/every six weeks
because we eat A lOT of it and I am limited by the gallon size fermenting jar I have. I just can't make
ginormous batches to last for months and months. I get a 3 - 5 pound nappa and that's all that can fit:

I follow exactly how Maangchi cleans/washes her nappa cabbage in the link above.
Then in a big nonreactive pot I put the halved or quartered cabbage on to salt. I use about a cup of
non-iodized salt--kosher, coarse sea salt--doesn't matter. But it can't be iodized.
I use the cheap bags of coarse sea salt from the neighborhood Korean market. 
I sprinkle and rub 1 cup of salt between the leaves of the cabbage. I put 1/2 cup of more salt in 
about 1/2 cup of warm water and pour it over the cabbage. And this is where I depart from most recipes I've seen: 
I like my cabbage to sit overnight. Some recommend a couple hours or even just an hour. 
I am firmly in the camp of overnight. I made kimchi last weekend and let it sit overnight and all day the next day.
Great batch--to me. Feel free to experiment with salting times to suit your personal preference.

Once it's sat for [your preference] time, it will be wilted. Rinse really, really well. 

While it's draining I make the stuffing by first making a sweet rice flour paste. I add two tablespoons of
sweet/glutinous rice flour to 1 cup of water and stir it over heat until it thickens. You're supposed to let it cool
before doing the following but I, uh, don't. I take it off the heat and add a cup of koch'u karu or Korean hot pepper
powder. I have never substituted and NEVER ever will. The pepper powder is just perfect and incredibly cheap.
I get it for $4.00 for a two pound bag. 
I add about 1/2 cup of sugar, two/three tablespoons of ginger, two/three tablespoons of garlic (I like garlic),
a couple chopped green onions (white and green parts--they're optional, though) and about a tablespoon of lemon juice.
I have also added chopped jalapeno peppers, chopped daikon, bunch of garlic scrapes, and/or 1/4 cup chopped 
walnuts in the past when I'm feeling ambitious/have it on hand. Maybe you could add some green seaweed for a fishy
taste? I'll try that next time!

And then I just stuff the cabbage with the stuffing....which just consists of smearing the paste all over
the cabbage. Then I stick it in my fermenting/storage jar. I like to let it sit 24-48 hours on the counter top 
with an airtight lid. I like a really, really strong/sour kimchi so you might do just overnight. 
Taste it while it's fermenting. You can stop it when it reaches the sourness you like.
Then I refrigerate and eat. 

We're vegetarian, so we leave out the fish sauce, which my brother's Korean girlfriend (no, like, actually in Korea) 
says means that we have to eat it faster (in a week or so, versus the near infinite duration of regular kimchi). 
I am not Korean and have only 4 years of regular kimchi making under my belt, but I have kept my non-fish sauce 
kimchi for *ahem* a couple months and eaten every bit of it. To me the older it gets the better it gets. I won't 
really eat the fresh batch from last weekend until next week or so. I don't like it fresh. I'm hoping it gets sour 
enough for kimchi jiggae before winter ends. There is *nothing* like a batch of jiggae on a night that's six degrees 
and blowing snow. 
Also? Bokumbap is absolutely necessary to make with your kimchi. It singlehandedly converted my husband from, 
"Dear God NOT KIMCHI!" to "YAY! KIMCHI!".

Source: http://ask.metafilter.com/175698/deliciously-fermented#2528364
